Docs - Add missing features (#10777)
acemod/ACE3: docs/wiki/feature/intelitems.md

---
layout: wiki
title: Intel Items
component: intelitems
description: Implements an intel system with unique items.
group: feature
category: equipment
parent: wiki
mod: acex
version:
  major: 3
  minor: 5
  patch: 0
---

## 1. Overview

> Adds note pad, document and photo objects which can be used to provide intel.

Reviewer: notepad https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/notepad

> Adds note pad, document and photo objects which can be used to provide intel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds notepad, document and photo objects which can be used to provide intel.
```
